License
=======

Copyright © 2013 Carson-Dellosa Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. With the exception of text content contained within the source code that is intended to be read by a user of the ebook in an ebook reading application or device (“Text Content”), all source code in this work, including HTML files and CSS files, shall be subject to the terms of the 3-Clause BSD License (a/k/a “Revised BSD License”, “New BSD License”, or “Modified BSD License”) set forth below. The Text Content, as well as images and audio in the ebook, are licensed on a royalty-free basis for non-commercial educational use, subject to the additional conditions that such use: * May include whole parts of the images, audio, and text; * Must be accompanied by and referenced by the source code or derivative version of the source code; * Must include the original license page of the ebook without alteration; and * Must not include any additional image, video, text, or audio that is defamatory, pornographic, unlawful or otherwise reasonably objectionable, or which infringes on any rights of any third parties. 

3-Clause BSD License Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the name of the ORGANIZATION nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
